# AG.accelerometer.addEventListener

## Summary
`addEventListener()` adds a new accelerometer event listener to the current view. 

The event listener's callback function is triggered when the accelerometer is tracking for the current view and registers a change in the device's acceleration.

## Quick example:
```javascript
	var listener_id = AG.accelerometer.addEventListener( function( acceleration, accelerationIncludingGravity, rotationRate, interval) {
		// do stuff with the parameters that contain accelerometer data
	});
```

## Syntax
```javascript
AG.accelerometer.addEventListener( successCallback(acceleration, accelerationIncludingGravity, rotationRate, interval) )
```

**Parameters**

* *function* **successCallback**<br>
  Standard success callback function. The callback parameters are as follows:
  
    * *object* **acceleration**<br>
    The acceleration that the user is giving to the device. The acceleration data are expressed in m/s&sup2; and use the following x, y, and z axis properties:

        * *double* **x**<br>
	    In the plane of the screen, positive towards the right side of the screen.
    	* *double* **y**<br>
	    In the plane of the screen, positive towards the top of the screen.
        * *double* **z**<br>
        Perpendicular to the screen, positive out of the screen.
	
	    If the device does not have a gyroscope (and thus cannot get the user acceleration) or does not have an accelerometer, these properties are null.
	
    * *object* **accelerationIncludingGravity**<br>
	The total acceleration of the device, which includes the user acceleration and the gravity.

	    The acceleration data are expressed in m/s&sup2; and use the x, y, and z axis properties described above. If the device does not have an accelerometer, these properties are null.

    *  *object* **rotationRate**<br>
    The rotation rate of the device. The rotationRate object specifies the device’s rate of rotation around three axes. It contains the following properties:

        * *double* **alpha**<br>
        The rotation rate of the device frame around its z-axis.
        * *double* **beta**<br>
        The rotation rate of the device frame around its x-axis.
        * *double* **gamma**<br>
        The rotation, in degrees, of the device frame around its y-axis.

        If the device does not have a gyroscope, these properties are null.

    * *integer* **interval**<br>
    The interval in milliseconds since the last time the accelerometer's values changed.

## Native layer details, iOS

The event listener is added for the current view. This is done by including the event listener's callback function into an array of callback functions that get triggered each time the device acceleration changes.

The unique ID for each listener is generated by calling ´(new Date).getTime()´.

See the documentation for the [`AG.accelerometer.startTracking`](startTracking.md) method for more information about how the accelerometer data gets updated.

## Returns 
* *string* **listener_id**<br>
  A string value containing the listener's unique id, to be used with [`AG.accelerometer.removeEventListener`](removeEventListener.md).

## Supported platforms
* iOS